Add documentation for NP Atobarai (#342)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/available-plugins/np-atobarai.mdx

---
title: NP Atobarai
---

:::note
Saleor uses NP Atobarai's "Individual Real Time Registration Mode (Sync)". This means that each "Register transaction" API call
is requesting only a single transaction and the credit check result is available immediately.
:::

## Using NP Atobarai

### Preparing a checkout

To prepare a checkout, you need to follow the steps described in
[Creating a checkout session](developer/checkout.mdx#creating-a-checkout-session) and
[Selecting a shipping method](developer/checkout.mdx#selecting-a-shipping-method).

> Please note that NP Atobarai is only applicate to the japanese market, as it requires both a Japanese postal
> address as well as a Japanese phone number (country code: `+81`) and only supports payments in Japanese yen (`JPY`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that NP Atobarai is only applicating to the Japanese market, as it requires:
- a Japanese postal address
- a Japanese phone number (country code: `+81`) 
- only supports payments in Japanese yen (`JPY`)
- the shipment has to be fulfilled using one of the supported local carriers
```

        streetAddress2: "麹町４－２－６"
      }
    }
  ) {
    checkout {
      token
    }
  }
}
```

### Creating a payment

The next step is to choose NP Atobarai as a payment gateway that we want to use to process checkout.
For this gateway, we need to provide: `token`, `gateway` and `amount`.

:::note
Description of the `checkoutPaymentCreate` mutation can be found [here](developer/checkout.mdx#selecting-a-payment-method).
:::

```graphql
mutation {
  checkoutPaymentCreate(
    checkoutId: "Q2hlY2tvdXQ6MWZiMmM1OGUtN2JhMy00YmY5LWI2ZDItNWY2ZWJiN2U3ZWJj"
    input: { gateway: "saleor.payments.np-atobarai", amount: 45.61 }
  ) {
    payment {
      id
      chargeStatus
    }
    errors {
      field
      message
    }
  }
}

```

## Completing the checkout
After we create a payment object for the NP Atobarai payment gateway,
we can call the `checkoutComplete` mutation.

 ```graphql
mutation {
  checkoutComplete(
    checkoutId: "Q2hlY2tvdXQ6YjBhYTUzMWItYjc3NS00MzM3LTkxNzEtYTgzOTYwYThjMmVk"
  ) {
    order {
      id
      userEmail
      created
    }
    errors {
      field
      message
      code
    }
  }
}
```

If the credit check was successful, an order will be created.

> In case of errors, NP recommends to display an error according to the communication guidelines available in their documentation.

Author: It's password protected

Since customers most likely won't be able to fix that error, NP recommends offering your customers an alternative payment method.

## Handling errors during checkout

In order to allow translation of gateway-specific payment errors, the plugin is returning error codes instead
of human-readable text in the `message` field. You can recognize gateway-specific errors by its code: `PAYMENT_ERROR`.

This is an example response when attempting to complete a checkout with a non-japanese phone number.

```json
{
  "checkoutComplete": {
    "order": null,
    "errors": [
      {
        "code": "PAYMENT_ERROR",
        "message": "TR#E0100065"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

The raw gateway codes returned by Saleor are prefixed by the operation name, e.g. `TR#` for transaction registration
which is performed when the `checkoutComplete` mutation is invoked.

> For an up to date list of NP error codes please refer to the NP documentation.

Reviewer: Would be useful to link the docs

Author: It's password protected

Saleor introduces several internal codes in order to allow consistent processing across internal and external errors,
although most of them can be eliminated by validating data on the frontend.

- *SALEORNP000* - networking error occurred while communicating with the payment gateway
- *SALEORNP001* - missing billing address
- *SALEORNP002* - missing shipping address
- *SALEORNP003* - invalid billing address, this can happen for invalid post codes with the "Fill missing address" option switched on
- *SALEORNP004* - invalid shipping address, this can happen for invalid post codes with the "Fill missing address" option switched on
- *SALEORNP005* - payment has no pspReference
- *SALEORNP006* - payment with the given id could not be found
- *SALEORNP007* - tracking number is missing
- *SALEORNP008* - carrier company code is invalid

For errors that cannot be parsed, we recommend to display a generic payment error.

### Invalid address

This is an example response when attempting to complete a checkout with an address that is not specific enough for NP.

```json

> {"checkoutComplete": {"order": null, "errors": [{"field": null, "message": "TR#E0100065"}]}}

Reviewer: Please format the responses
